Update instructions for parallel-letter-frequency (#2713) (#2752)
exercism/java: exercises/practice/parallel-letter-frequency/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

> The following resources may help you with this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following resources may help you solve this exercise:
```
